# Introduction
Magic is real in America. Human emotion fills the artifacts of culture and craft with the Power, and those artifacts gain new life as cryptids, faeries, and monsters. An ax stuck into a stump for a hundred years declares an impressionable young woman King of the Smoky Mountains. Every time a pet hare dies in Wisconsin, a jackalope gets its antlers. Faeries flit through amber waves of grain. Goblins swim through trash heaps.

The government of the Untied States is well over 200 years old, and the governments of individual states are often much younger. Delaware, the oldest, was brought into the Union while the country was still in its cradle, but Alaska, the most recent addition, has been run by its current government for not much more than half a century. Yet these lands have been the site of human living for millennia. At this late stage in the history of the North American continent, it has become impossible to determine how many battles have been fought on her soil. A complete census of all the artifacts of culture and craft, both past and present, could never occur, but it goes without saying that such artifacts are innumerable, their effects immeasurable.

In the world of Hawkmoth Country, these artifacts are imbued with magic by the meanings attributed to them by people. Such magic is called the Power by those in the know, and the Power radiates possibility, seeping magic into everything it touches, whether that thing is a plant, an animal, a person, a man-made tool, or even the land itself. Those people who have been touched by the Power and are aware of its effects are called Strangers, and they can never lead a mundane life again.

*Drive on country roads. Wade carefully through places where only the trees can hear your footfalls. Go out and find what you never thought to look for, and Magic will find you. Magic is real in America, if you only know where to look.*
